okay listen up to share your location
fast
go to imessages and type i'm at
then click the space button and you'll
get a current location button
right above the keyboard no more
scrolling and screen shotting for long
web pages
you've got them all with one click only
make a screenshot as usual
and when you see a page icon in the
lower left corner
tap it switch from screen to full page
mode
click done and now you can save pdf to
files
smart you can take a screenshot on your
iphone
by just tapping twice with your finger
on the back of the phone
go to accessibility touch back
tap you can apply it for various options
such as a screenshot mute home lock
screen
and many others also your phone features
a triple tab
which has the same range of functions
you can save time looking for a website
just hold the period button
and you'll see plenty of shortcuts dot
com dot org
and many others camera roll
doesn't only store your lovely golden
retriever photos
tap select in the upper right corner and
then tap any photo you need
in the lower left corner you'll see a
square with an arrow
go for it scroll down and see what you
can do
duplicate it use as wallpaper or even
hide from prying eyes
another way to hide a pick is to cut it
to the minimum size
when you need it back just revert it to
the original
now don't freak out you guys go to
settings privacy
location services scroll down tap system
services
and choose significant locations your
phone knows not only where you live
but also where you work where your
favorite supermarket is
and other places you visit frequently if
it makes you feel uncomfortable
just turn it off to copy any text
highlight it and swipe three fingers to
paste it to some other document
swipe three fingers again now if you're
wondering who you should swipe those
three fingers from
then we'll need to talk after class
to select several messages in your mail
swipe with
two fingers okay this one's really fast
no more scanning apps required tap and
hold the notes icon
and choose scan document take a photo
and now you can save it as a pdf
you can make it in color or black and
white just check the settings above
the note drawings can be nice and smooth
even if you don't have a stylus
when you finish your drawing hold it for
a second with your finger
iphone will automatically make it look
better no more curved lines
to set a timer tap and hold the timer
button the one you see when you swipe up
and see the fast access menu you'll see
the time
scale you need to slide the only
drawback
is that you can set a timer for no less
than a minute and no
more than two hours the same works with
a flashlight
tap and hold this button to adjust the
brightness
you can unlock your iphone with a code
your face
or even your voice tap your face three
times with the phone
no wait i'm kidding go to accessibility
and tap the voice control
then go for customized commands click
create a new command
and type any phrase you want to use as a
passcode
i used what else bright side
click run custom gesture and tap on a
place your passcode would be at
whenever i say bright side my phone
unlocks
when you type an imessage flip your
phone and tap the button in the lower
right corner
the one right next to the microphone one
it has a nice cursive icon
now you can send handwritten notes to
your friends
to make your music sound better go to
music eq
and select late night now you don't need
those pricey headphones with noise
cancellation
make a shortcut for your email to save
time typing it
go to settings general keyboards and
select text replacement
tap the plus button and type your email
or whatever other long phrase you
frequently use make any shortcut two
question marks for example
and you're good to go
[Music]
the newest iphones have a super
convenient feature that is helpful when
you need to go from one application to
another
look at that line at the bottom of the
screen slide left or
right and find the app you need no more
double clicking and notification center
[Music]
hey we're all used to messengers but
imessages are fun
press the send button to add different
wow effects to your message
the bubble section has four features
invisible ink makes it
impossible to read the message unless
you wipe it with a finger
slide the finger from right to left and
back to kind of clear it
with a gentle effect the letters seem
really tiny at the start
but then they grow larger the loud
effect
vice versa makes them pop at the start
so they appear way larger
but the size goes back to normal in a
few seconds
the slam effect speaks for itself the
message
literally slams the screen tap the right
button called the screen effect it's fun
too
for example it has echo effects so your
friend screens going to be overwhelmed
with echoing texts
slide right for more spotlight balloons
confetti
love lasers fireworks shooting star
and even celebration
with imessages you can pin up to nine
message threads to keep the most
frequently used contacts at the top of
the list
you can also mention people in
conversations to direct a message to
some particular member in the group
or filter unknown senders
make your life brighter and get a
brights id pick your own print just
follow the link below
the notify me section in the messages
allows you to get notifications and
messages
whenever you're mentioned even if you
muted the conversation
it's great if most of your chats are
muted you won't miss important messages
but you won't have to filter through
tons of stuff you don't need
[Music]
the iphone font has different sizes to
make it bigger or smaller
go to the display and brightness section
in the settings
tap the text size and adjust it the way
you like
iphones may not have the most durable
batteries but they beat everyone when it
comes to photo quality
turn on the grid in the camera settings
go to general
choose camera to enable the grid it can
help you make better compositions in the
photo
one of the most frequent problems of all
iphone users
is when you run out of memory even if
you delete the photos
there's still not enough space go to
settings
iphone storage and make sure recently
deleted photos are
actually deleted if not delete them in
the storage sections
if you live in a cold place and your
iphone keeps turning off whenever it's
chilly outside
go to settings battery and check the
battery health
if it's less than 85 percent well you
might want to change the battery
you can easily improve battery life now
first you can
limit your widget usage try not to add
too many widgets and limit the use of
those requiring a lot of data to keep
the info up to date
also you can automate the low power mode
at a certain battery percentage
go to automation hit the plus button and
create a new automation setting
widgets on ios 14 can be merged together
just put one widget on another just like
any other app icon when you want to
place them in one folder
to see the widget hidden underneath just
scroll the upper widget up
voila it saves a lot of space and time
if the mobile data connection isn't too
good airplane mode might come in handy
turn it on and wait 5-10 seconds to get
a better internet connection
if it's 3g it'll become lte
also if you charge your phone with
airplane mode on
it'll charge about 15 faster
to make the video quality on your iphone
better go to settings
camera formats choose high efficiency
camera capture
then go back to the menu record video
and choose 1080
30 frames per second there are now
automatic suggestions for the home app
also it can now
adjust the color temperature throughout
the day another cool feature is face
recognition
it can even recognize someone who's at
your doorbell if you have this person in
people
saved in photos if you tap the uppercase
button twice
you'll get a caps lock many letters also
have hidden symbols
if you hold your finger on a button
you'll see them now you can type in
any exotic language respecting all the
characters
if you accidentally deleted that long
message you've been trying to write
just shake your phone it'll activate the
undo typing function
there may be really few viruses for
iphone but you're never protected from
juice jacking if you don't want to be
the one whose data accidentally leaked
public chargers are a no-go airport cafe
public transport you name it it concerns
only the usb
chargers a good old adapter won't let
you down